# Descent into the Graveyard

>Our party decides to take a few days to complete some personal tasks before we continue on our journey.
>
>It's extremely helpful to have a few days to catch up on my notes and documentation. It has been some time since I last had a few nights free to organize my research and notes from our recent journeys. I am also able to bring a copy of my publication, "Providing Free Arcane Education to All", an analysis of how impractical it is to try to provide everyone a government funded opportunity to learn the arcane arts. He is extremely excited to have a new text to read and promises to provide me notes, although I don't see a need for them, perhaps he will provide some useful insight. I spend a lot of time reading and "borrowing" more books from within the hidden room over the course of the next few days. During this time, Dwayne takes up a job as a busboy for Grog's Grog, trying to learn to cook. It appears we will need to find a new strong man for our journey, now that Dwayne has what appears to be a full time job.

>As we gather back up, we make our way to the graveyard to investigate the marked building on Targ's map.
>
>Dwayne wishes to make all of us breakfast before we head out. Although some are excited and think his food tastes great, I have to disagree. Even though the food is slightly better than that which we had at Chef Randy's, it has a lot to be left in terms of flavor, presentation, and texture. He has a long way to go. On our way through the graveyard, we find a women in black greaving over a recent lose and we make short eye contact, seeing the tears in her eyes. We continue on, trying not to disturb her any further.

>We reach a mausoleum marked on the map, which appears to be well sealed compared to the rest of the graveyard contents.
>
>It has no windows, and one set of doors. The name plate, covered in moss, marks it as "Bowsie Mobez" and while I begin to slowly cast a magic detection spell, Marrel searches the exterior. Finding nothing of interest with the mausoleum, he does spot a rat. Once Ondross hears of this, he and Marrel race to attempt to catch the rat, as Ondross wishes to ask it about the graveyard. After quite some time, and a number of attempts, they manage to catch it and Ondross asks it a series of "interesting" questions about its life and the food it likes, etc. Just as my detection spell wears off, he asks the rat about the mausoleum and if it will help us search. A bit too late now for me, as my ability had worn off. Perhaps next time we could move things along a little faster.

>After a thorough search of the interior, we find a hidden switch within the casket in the center of the room, opening a trap door below the mausoleum.
>
>The rat is little help, he seems to know nothing about the interior. I don't even know his name, if he has one, but it seems like it is unnessary now anyway. We search every part of the mausoleum to find nothing. However, a switch is found within the center casket and the trap door opens to reveal a stairwell leading down below the structure. Archimedes and the rat scout out the area ahead, well, mostly Archimedes, and we move down into the area. Ondross asks the rat to lead us to food, which I guess he promised the rat, but convinced it that there was food somewhere down here. But it doesn't matter, as we'll probably search the entire area if possible.

>We begin to search through the catacombs beneath the graveyard, finding some empty rooms and a portion of a map marking a secret door.
>
>The party comes upon an alcove, which contains a series of gravekeeper gear. For the most part there doesn't appear to be anything of interest here. However, I am able to spot a folded piece of parchment though. After closer inspection, I find that it seems to be part of a map of some sort, most likely the catacombs themselves. More importantly, I notice a marking on the map that appears to show a secret door. Luckily, Marrel has been keeping track of our current progress in the catacombs, and although the portion doesn't seem to fit yet, hopefully we will be able to determine where it is further in. But regardless, we continue to search through the rooms and passages.

>While searching another room with three wooden coffins, which are empty, with footprints on the dusty floor. An audible "click" is heard coming from the trap door entrance.
>
>We've found a few rooms down here, with coffins and caskets within them. So far not much of interest in the rooms and no evidence yet of where this secret door could be. However, this room looks like it has been gone through and the footprints on the floor seem to showcase it happened somewhat recently. This could be related to the note we found about bodies being collected, and I am able to see that the footprints were made by some kind of armored boots. So, it is certainly possible that the city guards are responsible for this. But, I'm certainly not sure, and we will need to stay on our toes down here. The click shocks us initially, but once we determine where it originated from, Dwayne investigates it.

>Dwayne finds the trap door has closed and seems to be stuck, so we continue searching rooms, battling shadow creatures and ghouls and zombies.
>
>The entrance we took now seems to be closed and we will need to find another way out. As such, we continue searching the catacombs. In one of the rooms, we find an immaculate rug on the floor and notice two axes, seemingly floating in the air. However, along with those axes, two shadows can also be seen, hinting that something somewhat invisible is there holding them. A fight breaks out, and we quickly take care of these shadowy beasts. A body is found in the room, with a well designed cape on it. I am able to determine the cape is magical in nature, but it will take some time to investigate it further, time we don't have currently. Ondross and Dwayne help me roll up the beautiful rug, so we can bring it with us and probably find a buyer to make a decent profit off of it. Everyone likes a fine rug and by my quick investigation, this certainly is one fine rug. As we move to yet another room down here, a series of zombies and what appears to be a ghoul attempt to sneak up behind us. However, I am able to warn the party and we quickly turn to face them. Ondross and I team up to create a trap of grease on the floor, while he ignites it with his flames. The zombies are quickly dispatched with little to no issue. Well, no issues for me, as I was careful this time to keep my distance compared with the hyenas the other day.
