# Escort Tricks

>After breakfast we did some shopping before stopping at the jail.
>
>We decided to split off, some stocking up on resources at James' General Store, while the rest of us stopped at Exotic Goods. I had been torn on if I should spent the party's money in order to advance my arcane abilities. It sounds so selfish to do so, and I try to tell myself, it is for the greater good. But I just had to buy the spell and its components if I was to continue being useful to the party. It torn me up inside, especially since learning these new abilities was not guaranteed. It'll take some time, but hopefully I'm able to expand my arcane knowledge.

>To escort 3 large hyenas to the arena south of town, Dwayne figures to rent a cart to haul them in.
>
>It was a great idea to transport the hyenas this way through town safely and then to the arena. Of course, finding a cart to purchase probably wasn't going to be easy. Luckily, we returned to James' General Store and after a very long and detailed description of rentals, I was able to convince him to allow us to borrow his cart for part of the day. It was very concerning he hadn't heard of this idea, especially with how much additional money he could make during the downtime of his cart usage. It made me wonder not only how smart this man was, but whether we should bother renting from him at all. I wondered if perhaps this would simply good poorly in the end due to his incompetence.

>We bind up the hyenas back at the jail and load them all up into the cart and start making our way.
>
>Dwayne surprisingly takes his time making sure to secure the hyenas the best he can. Normally I'd expect him to rush into things and not plan accordingly, but this time he does very well preparing for the worst. He spends quite some time tying down the hyenas and making sure they are as secure as possible in the back of the cart. I had hoped to assist him, by rendering them unconcious, but even with my most powerful magic I am unable to do so. Regardless, we make our way to the arena.

>Lucky for us, the travel through town and along the town walls to the arena goes by uneventful.
>
>Thanks to such a great job by Dwayne in securing the hyenas, and between Dwayne and Ondross, our travels in the city are quick and trouble-free. However, as we near one of the town gates at the south side of town, we are stopped and basically interrogated by one of the guards, Steve. For some reason, he is actually doing his job, but more so for those leaving than for those entering the city. He doesn't give us a lot of trouble, but he certainly has a lot of questions for us simply leaving the city, compared with how little has been done by other guards, or even entering town. Steve certainly surprised us by doing his job, but again, he probably should be more focused on those entering than simply exiting town. Otherwise, we make good time as we travel parallel to the town walls and make our way to the arena.

>Just as we arrive at the holding shack next to the arena, an ogre bursts out of the shack, attacking us.
>
>We make contact with Jack just inside the main fence at the first shack where we were instructed to drop off the hyenas. Jack yells at us to leave for trespassing just as we arrive, which confuses all of us. We would've expected to be greeted better for a place that often recieves deliveries of creatures to fight in the arena. Just as I start to shout back out to Jack, to ask for him to explain himself further, a huge ogre tears out of the shack and attacks us all, knocking Jack out immediately. Go figure, a fool in the wrong place, on the wrong side of us basically, very typical.

>We manage to defeat the ogre and save Jack, responsible for handling the creatures for the arena.
>
>The battle is fierce but very quick. The party is able to neutralize the ogre with little worry and very deadly strikes. We recollect ourselves, verifying that the hyenas are still secured safely, and Ondross and Marrel check on Jack to make sure he is alright. He fell pretty quickly and we were quite concerned he might have already passed on before we were able to get to him. Lucky for him, even though he didn't give us the time of day, we were still able to save his life. As such, we figure we better complete our delivery immediately and get the hell out of here.

>We then bring the cart of hyenas up to the next shack, where Corporal Samson is waiting, although he is piss drunk.
>
>After gathering back up the cart full of hyenas, and collecting Jack, we make our way to the next shack, to deliver the hyenas. We "meet" the Corporal there, although he is completely wasted and unresponsive. Dwayne proceeds to "wake him" by hefting him up and shouting at him. As he barely is able to respond, he refuses to pay us for our delivery, confused about what is actually happening around him. Things start going poorly here. The party, upset for being denied our rightful payment. The guards and the Corporal, drunk as hell, upset that we would even assume to be paid for this task. He accuses us of trespassing and the guards proceed to threaten us if we do not leave immediately. Just as things are about to come to a head between us and the guards here, the hyenas begin to free themselves.

>During a heated discussion, where tempers are high and about to errupt, the hyenas manage to get loose.
>
>Our party is at the precipice of all out war with the guards, who too, are agitated, that the hyenas break free. All havoc breaks loose at this time. The guards, confused by what has been going on, our party, distracted trying to deal with the guards, and the hyenas, about to take advantage of the entire situation. Our party quickly splits apart, taking cover and trying to find a path away from the upcoming fray. I determine the best way to bridge the rift that has occurred between us and the guards here, is to stand by their side during this upcoming fight. While Dwayne and Marrel take cover inside the shack, barricading the door, and Hwon rushes away from the battle, Ondross and I set to stand by the guards as the three hyenas approach. I hold my ground, distracting the hyenas best as I can, while the guards and Ondross attempt to neutralize them. Hwon provides some assistance during the battle, but manages to keep his distance for safety. Just as I am about to fall after repeated attacks from the hyenas, the guards and the Corporal are able to finish the hyenas off. A close battle for sure, this time I was part of the front lines, a mistake on my part, but what I deemed necessary in order to turn the tide for what could be a battle after this one.

>We assist the guards to putting down the escaped hyenas, and after another possible blowup, I manage to calm things down with the Corporal.
>
>After the guards have cleaned up the last of the attacking hyenas, the Corporal has completely sobered up. Dwayne and Marrel exit the shack, rejoining the party, as Hwon also rejoins the group. Dwayne decides he has waited here long enough and proceeds to take the cart back to town. The rest of the party join him, with Ondross getting a free ride this time. I stay to have a much more tempered discussion with Corporal Samson. Now that he has sobered up, he is a bit more polite and understanding. Our party is still upset about the failed payment, but we manage to collect some gold for our troubles. Even better, I am able to clear up the entire misunderstanding and am informed that we may be able to acquire additional payment by visiting Steve the game master at the arena. I thank the Corporal for his time and proceed to try to catch back up with the party, already on their way back to town, in a hurry and in a bit of a mood one might say.
