# Foud Kilos of Smurf Powder

>There's no time to wait, we must leave the manor quickly and return to Bywater before any reinforcements arrive.
>
>We have given the manor a once over, finding quite a deal of goodies. Not only do we find the tools that seem to belong to Mertin Jr., but also some kind of magical pendant. There's not time to waste with the sun going down and the possibility of goblin patrols. It seems best to make it as far as possible and then find a safe location just in the mountains to keep ourselves from being surrounded. It certainly would be a mistake to try to travel through the night or stay and draw attention of the goblins. So difficult to decide how we might die, but we have to leave right away.

>After finding a nice spot just into the mountainside, we gather up to rest for the night. Marrel and I share the watch over the night, while Archimedes helps keep an eye out.
>
>It was getting late while we made our way back to Bywater, watching for a safe spot in the mountainside. We had passed the orchard, and remembered Kraz was left there, tied to a tree. However, he had been gutted and lay dead on the ground, still tied up. There's a good chance that wolf that snuck up on me, the one with the blood all over it's face, took advantage of a tied up goblin. Dwayne at least recovered his rope, but we might had lost a great deal of useful information with Kraz's death. He could have been a trove of useful information on the remaining goblin hidings.

>The night goes by uneventful and after waking, we make our way back to Bywater.
>
>I stayed up for a bit with Hwon, as he seems very interested in what I can do. He hopes to try something similar, and I have been working with him for a little while now. He shows great promise as long as he stays dedicated. Perhaps we we get back to town I can teach him even more and show his some arcane history. It's just too dangerous out here to spend time doing that. Perhaps if we had better cover or just not the threat of a goblin horde nearby. Thank goodness we are on our way back now. These travels have certainly been dangerous the past few days, and I may not be ready for it just yet. Hopefully we can continue to survive together as a group and grow closer in friendship. Look at me, writing about friendship without including statistical analysis and citing numerous studies on the influence of cultural interactions and their effects on the surrounding locales.

>On the way back to Bywater, we notice the cave that Marcus, the rude drunk, has asked us to clear of "beastmen".
>
>Our passage back to town was uneventful, which was great. We had a hell of a time traveling out here on foot and have a lot of things to do back in town once we arrive. When we get closer to town, we take notice of the cave we recently heard about. Well actually, we were told by Marcus, who is probably a crazy drunk, but we figured we'd check it out anyway. He rudely interjected into our conversation the other day, and gave us little to no information about these "beastmen" troubling his horses in a cave south of town. It was hard to know if he was telling us the truth or even the whole story. Maybe we could figure it out better by stopping in on the way back. But, he offered us 200 gold, so maybe we shouldn't over think it too much.

>Archimedes scouts the cave interior, finding a group of nine odd humanoids grouped around the fire.
>
>Archimedes sees these figures simply standing around a lite fire in the cave. They barely react and look very unkept and have some kind of foam or such around their month. The description Marcus gave us was crude, but these figures were certainly not men, at least not any more it seems. Once Archimedes spots them, I snap him back to my side, which is lucky, since the last thing I see while I do appears to be a bottle or object being throw his way. A close call to be certain. Losing Archimedes isn't something I cannot undo, but it certainly is time and resource consuming to bring him back after such a foolish loss.

>We enter the cave in hopes that we can talk the men out of the cave and free it up for Marcus without a fight.
>
>We carefully enter the cave together, hoping we can convince these men to leave. We try to distract them, spook them, and simply just persuade them to leave. However, they are non-responsive and seem to be completely inobservant to their surrounding. As a last resort, Dwayne bellers out in a rageful battlecry. Unfortunately, it only enrages the creatures, who then take the opportunity to attack us. So much for talking them out of the cave and doing this without a battle. But seriously, given the intellegence of these creatures, I don't think we would've found another way. We probably just saved ourselves a lot of wasted time if we continued to try to be diplomatic. Maybe next time we can avoid a battle, but this time, we have to fight to live.

>After we finish off the crazed creatures, we seach the stables in the cave and find four sacks of a blue powder.
>
>Most of us came out of the fight greatly damaged. It turned out to be more than we expected and could've been a deadly outcome. We had thought we had enough information to go in on, but it wasn't and it might have cost one or all of us our lives. I need to be much more careful, not simply for my sake, but for everyone's sake. I'm not sure I could live with myself if I knew I got someone killed by my incompetence. Hopefully that day will never come, but I must make sure to keep this encounter fresh in my mind to continue to strive for knowlege and information. While searching the stables, I notice a series of sacks hidden behind a loose board. There, we find four sacks of some kind of blue powder. We figure it is best to take them with us, and determine what they are later. Maybe someone will know, or I might be able to determine it with greater study.

>Once we arrive back in town, we stop at Exotic Goods for some assistance and information.
>
>We stop to see Madam Oswell at the Exotic Goods shop in help in identifying this mysterious necklace we found on the goblin leader. She is able to determine it can boost the wearers arcane knowledge, but something even beyond that, which she cannot discern. I also find out she provides a solvent that can be used to remove the magical wax ring around the scroll we got from Targ, the orc that died after we entered town the first day. Surprisingly, I find out she also has a series of spell scrolls for sale too. Which is extremely lucky for us, well, mainly me. As I can expand my utility and help the party by purchasing these spells and hopefully learn their secrets in order to cast them at will. So much more to learn and gain to help, I must have this power. Unfortunately, it will cost a large amount of gold in order to pursue this path, so hopefully that is a possibility. I will have to return and hopefully soon.

>Sneaking into Town Hall before it closes, Hwon is about to stash the sacks of blue powder down within the hidden passageways.
>
>Asking Madam Oswell to help us identify the blue powder ends in her errupting in anger over it. All of us were completely surprised, but she mentions the powder is extremely dangerous and highly illegal in town. We begin to question whether we should have taken it, and it's relation with the "beastmen" we noticed before. Oswell maybe be right in how dangerous it is, but it is surprising to find that she thinks trying to turn it into the guards will end up being bad for us. I guess that shouldn't be surprising, as we have started to realize the guards here in town are incompetent and not up to the tasks that they should handle. We decide to hide these sacks down in the passageways we found under Town Hall. Lucky for us, it is still open, and while the rest of us distract and keep watch, Hwon quickly and easily sneaks back down into the underground and hides the four sacks of blue powder beneath some of the leftover clothes. Sneaking back up without causing an issue. We also stop by the jail to find that there is a job to escort the creatures to the arean in the morning. Yet another thing to do tomorrow.

>For supper, we decide to checkout the Silver Spoon, with Chef Randy, and most of us are disappointed with the talked up food.
>
>Then was a lot of hype for Chef Randy and his food, so we were all excited. Dwayne's appearance and mostly his smell, threw off our waitor, who then proceeded to drown Dwayne in a cologne to fit in better. Dwayne was confused about this process, but I mentioned it only makes the food taste better, so he went along with it. Dwayne ordered just about every different meat on the menu, not a bad strategy I'd say, but way too much food for me. Ondros ordered a delicious salad, with peanuts of course. Marrel simply got some water and a potato, which seemed too simple for a fancy establishment, but they mentioned it would be delishious regardless. Hwon got himself a fine cut of steak with mashed potatoes, while I ordered a rack of lamb with mashed yams. I also ordered some broccoli while we waited, since I knew Ondros was such a fan. However, the food was extremely disappointing. The presentation and texture were perfect, but the flavor, well there was none at all. As the Chef came to our table to ask how it was, I told him the truth, and he errupted in anger. As he kicked us out, I tried to help with recommendations, but he wasn't interested. Dwayne's food seemed to be the only great tasting, according to him. That's when I questioned if the cologne was involved. Perhaps I knew more that I expected when I said it would make the food taste better. I vowed to spend time researching the Silver Spoon and what was really going on here. Maybe I could make it into my next publication given the time and data are available.

>We return to Grog's Grog to rent some rooms for the night, with yet more tasks to complete in the morning.
>
>We get back to Grog's Grog to once again find Grog too busy to ask about possible jobs. I'm not sure how or when we'll be able to talk with him, but I guess we have plenty of other things to do yet. We still have to scout out the Spider Tower east of town, possibly checkout the wolves in the King's Garden, maybe return to the King's Library to spend more time investigating the hidden room, return to Exotic Goods to hopefully acquire some magical items and supplies, among other things. We certainly have to meet up with Marcus to get paid and maybe find out more about what happened, maybe sell him this blue powder we found too. So much more to do in town yet. I suppose we should hurry and then make our way east of town, as I assume the King will start getting impatient.
>
