# Where's my Damn Stew

>While walking to Grog's Grog, a cleric named Voladeon asks to join our group.
>
>I'm not too sure what his plan was. I guess he had been watching us for a bit now. It's a bit creepy to know that, and I wonder if he has some sort of nefarious plan in mind. It worries me he is so interested in joining us for only having seen us for less than a day. Perhaps he's been following us for even longer. I would've imagined we would've seen him before now though.

>We find a table in the tavern and get ready for a round of drinks and some warm food.
>
>I urge this new cleric to buy us a round of drinks and supper so we can determine if he is worthy of joining our ranks. This isn't too surprising, as we would certainly have to haze him if he wished to join. Thank goodness the local government doesn't have some sort of anti-hazing laws, that kind of thing does more damage than it is supposed to solve. Bullies are bad, but they certainly cannot be stopped by a series of laws and regulations. We need real civil changes to take place throughout society to handle these things.

>Dwayne and Ondros notice an orc sitting in the back of the tavern, and they, along with this new cleric, approach him.
>
>Luckily we are able to place our food order prior to them leaving. God, I couldn't imagine waiting for them to return and then having to wait once again for our barmaid to even order our supper. I found that Ondros is a huge fan of brocoli, although I have read about this vegetable, I have not personally tried it. It is pretty rare in these parts of the world, so it is not surprising that the barmaid is confused by his order and Ondros simply orders a loaded potato instead. Hwon and I had the proper mindset to let the orc be, as this city has an ongoing agreement with any and all orcs. So, it wasn't really all that surprising one would be here eating, but some people don't take kindly to orcs in their taverns.

>While Dwayne was scaring the shit out of the orc, with the cleric and Ondros near, the orc, Targ, gets killed by an arrow.
>
>Hwon and I were more intested in eating and just taking a rest versus trying to chase down this group of orcs, who disappeared as suddenedly as they appeared. It was surprising that they made it into the tavern without anyone really noticing them. Of course, orcs are not such a big deal now here given the agreement. Of course, it was probably an odd sight, them entering together, armed and even drawing a bow of some sorts as they killed Targ. I found out later that Targ was hoping for some assistance out of town and even had a map he was trying to hand to Ondros, since he was significantly scared of Dwayne. Once this group had killed Targ, they yelled out an insult of him and disappeared in a cloud of smoke. It was pretty dramatic, and certainly took me by surprise. Something that always seems to happen when we try to have a hot meal.

>Dwayne runs out after a group of orcs responsible for killing Targ, chasing them across town.
>
>Dwayne being Dwayne, he wasn't going to let anyone come in between his questioning, perhaps interigating, Targ. Of course, I figured it best to try to keep an eye on him as he chased them down. I sent gold ole Archimedes out after the orcs as well. Archimedes has some very keen sight, even in the dark. So, it made good sense to send him after those orcs, hoping to find where they are taking up residence, or plan to hide out after the murder. I expected he wouldn't be gone long, probably following those orcs, who also happened to be on horseback, to another part of town. However, when he didn't return an hour later, I knew that those orcs must have headed out of town. I'd be surprised that they weren't stopped, but orcs aren't that big of a deal in town I guess. So, maybe it makes sense they got out of town without a hassle. Of course, with all this time having gone by, we still didn't have our food.

>We run into Dwayne on his way to confront the King about the murderers getting away.
>
>When Dwayne had been gone so long, the rest of the party wanted to chase him down and find out where he went. It was just about this time our food finally showed up. I figured I should stay back at the tavern, for when Dwayne returned. I also expected Archimedes to return there as well, although he had no problem waiting around for me to return. Dwayne however, doesn't like to sit still for too long. He would prefer to be in battle or challenging another tough looking figure to arm wrestle or other physical challenge. So, I figured if and when he returned, he'd like some company. Of course, I was excited to have a nice hot meal and catch up on my notes on the day. Unfortunately, the stew wasn't all it was cracked up to be. It ended up being kind of bland, so I was greatly disappointed. Suddenly Ondros popped right back into the tavern and told me that they had found Dwayne and were now headed to see the King. We had already been asked to go see the King, probably on the morrow, but I guess if now was a good time, we just as well get it done. I immediately asked for a to go bag for Dwayne's mutton he had ordered, finally arriving. I knew some nice meat would be once of the things he would seek out after his chase whether he caught up to the orcs or not.

>We are harassed while we wait to see the King, even though he has requested to see us already.
>
>It takes quite some time to get in to see the King. I believe we had to speak with 10 or more increasingly ranked members of the court. If I had known how long it was going to take, I would've went to the library first. I'm not sure exactly how long we had to wait and how many people we ended up having to repeat our story and show the King's request we meet with him. It seemed a bit much, how difficult it was to see the King when he had already requested you. I at least figured I had time to investigate this scroll Targ had handed to Ondros. Finding out that the ring of wax, which held it closed, was magical in nature. Acting as some sort of "locking" mechanism. It was certainly beyond my magical capabilities at the moment. I figured I better spend some time later studying it and possibly researching this sort of thing more the next time I was able to. Another excuse to check out the King's Library in town. I think this would make it an easier sell to the rest of the party for me to go there tomorrow. I'm not too sure how much the other like books, at least educational books. Certainly not the smut that you can find in some of the shadier stores and book collections.

>The King asks us to handle the rising power east of town, so as the people of Bywater do not catch wind of it.
>
>It is surprising to me that this tower suddenly just appeared, as if there is something important about this town or area. I can't imagine what that would be given our experience here so far. We've had feelings that something is off about this town, perhaps the leadership, or perhaps there is something darker going on here. I haven't done much research about this town yet, but if I am able to get into the King's Library here, I hope to find out more. This tower is a whole other matter. From the description of its appearance and the creatures around it, it quite certainly is beyond our current capabilities. Perhaps we could investigate it further and determine if we could remove it or the creatures guarding it. Of course, the fact that no one is town is already talking about this is surprising as well. The tower doesn't seem to be visible from tower itself, but I imagine there is travel east of town in which someone would notice it. Even a single person noticing it would cause at least a rumor of it to spread in town. Although we are new in town, we haven't heard any mention of it as of yet. The little we found out about it from the King was from those who also went to investigate it and barely returned after being ambushed. It doesn't sound like this is a high priority task at the moment, but I can't imagine the King will be willing to wait too long for this to get addressed.

>We stock up on supplies, take inventory of what we have and what we need to do before returning to the tavern to rest for the night.
>
>After our uncomfortable meeting with the King, we all acquire some supplies from the local Magistrate. Dwayne seems super excited to have a nice longbow, while I'm happy to see some ink and parchment are available, so as to take notes about the tower and creatures around it. It was nice to be able to restock so easily. I had noticed that the last of my gold was missing, as did others find some missing as well. We will have to be more observant to those around us, since we all had been robbed. This town is seemingly much more than one would think. I'm hoping things calm down a little bit tonight so we can get a good rest. There are lots of things to do in the upcoming days, so we will need as much good rest as we can get. I will probably mediate for a few hours to get back my strength and such. Otherwise, I will spend as much time as I can documenting the day's events and investigating this wax ringed scroll and the item the King provided us, a stone crown of sorts. I imagine the rest of the party is enjoying themselves after the long day. I would typically join them, but tonight there is much to do to catch up. Ondros was kind enough to cover a room for the both of us, since I have no money on me at the moment. As such, I will make sure to set up a series of alarms on our room to make sure no one sneaks in during the night. I will most likely continue to do so each night and most morning to make sure we and our gear remain safe. I have already missed so much it seems, that taking extra precautions will be necessary from now on. The great amenities of city life can bring even greater danger than you might found out on the road or traveling through the wilderness.
